feat: New Ember docs (#2124)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/javascript.ember.mdx

This snippet includes automatic instrumentation to [monitor the performance](/platforms/javascript/performance/) of your application, which registers and configures the Tracing integration, including custom Ember instrumentation.

> **Note:** To reduce the volume of performance data captured, or disable it entirely, change `tracesSampleRate` to a value between 0 and 1 in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
<markdown>
To reduce the volume of performance data captured, or disable it entirely, change `tracesSampleRate` to a value between 0 and 1 in production.
</markdown>
</Note>
```

```javascript
import Application from '@ember/application';
import Resolver from 'ember-resolver';
import loadInitializers from 'ember-load-initializers';
import config from './config/environment';

import { InitSentryForEmber } from '@sentry/ember';

InitSentryForEmber();

export default class App extends Application {
  modulePrefix = config.modulePrefix;
  podModulePrefix = config.podModulePrefix;
  Resolver = Resolver;
}
```

Then add the following config to your `config/environment.js`:

```javascript
ENV['@sentry/ember'] = {
  sentry: {
    dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',
    tracesSampleRate: 1.0, // We recommend adjusting this in production
  }
};
```

Once this is done, all unhandled exceptions are automatically captured by Sentry.

**Important:** Note your DSN. The _DSN_ (Data Source Name) tells the SDK where to send events. If you forget it, view _Settings -> Projects -> Client Keys (DSN)_ in the Sentry web UI.

> 

Reviewer: Delete - this is part of the template.

### Ember Specifics

> The `@sentry/ember` addon comes with some options to manage the Ember specific instrumentation, these options are set on the addon config directly. All Sentry SDK options that would be passed to `init` should be set in the `sentry` key inside your addon config instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@sentry/ember` addon includes options to manage Ember specific instrumentation; these options are set on the addon config directly. All Sentry SDK options that would be passed to `init` should instead be set in the `sentry` key inside your addon config as in this example:
```

```javascript
ENV['@sentry/ember'] = {
  // Ember specific options
  sentry: {
    // Sentry options
  }
};
```

> ### Ember Performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Performance Monitoring Considerations
```

> The Sentry tracing integration is already setup via the Ember addon with custom Ember instrumentation for routing, components and the runloop. It sideloads `@sentry/tracing` as a chunk to instrument your application. If you would like to disable this automatic instrumentation and no longer receive the associated transactions you can set `disablePerformance` in your config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry tracing integration is already set up via the Ember addon with custom Ember instrumentation for routing, components, and the runloop. It sideloads `@sentry/tracing` as a chunk to instrument your application. If you would like to disable this automatic instrumentation and no longer receive the associated transactions, you can set `disablePerformance` in your config as in this example:
```

```javascript
ENV['@sentry/ember'] = {
  disablePerformance: true
};
```

> Performance data is transmitted using a new event type called “transactions”, which you can learn about in [Distributed Tracing](/product/performance/distributed-tracing/). To capture transactions, you must configure your SDK to set the `tracesSampleRate` configuration to a nonzero value. The default configuration will transmit 100% of captured transactions; lower this value in production to avoid consuming your quota too quickly.

Reviewer: Delete as this content is now redundant.

> ### Routes

Reviewer: How critical is this for Getting Started? Should it move to the Configuration>Basic Options page?

Author: It's not critical, we can definitely move it, can you link me an example of another framework that extends options?

If you would like to capture timings for the `beforeModel`, `model`, `afterModel` hooks as well as `setupController` in one of your Routes, `@sentry/ember` exports a `instrumentRoutePerformance` function which can be used by replacing the default export with a wrapped Route.

```javascript
import Route from '@ember/routing/route';
import { instrumentRoutePerformance } from '@sentry/ember';

class MyRoute extends Route {
  model() {
    //...
  }
}

export default instrumentRoutePerformance(MyRoute);
```

> ### Classic Components

Reviewer: How key is this for Getting Started? Should it move to the Configuration>Basic Options page?

> The render times of classic components are also enabled by default, with a setting to only capture render timings only above a certain duration. To change this minimum, you can modify `minimumComponentRenderDuration` in your config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The render times of classic components are also enabled by default, with a setting to capture render timings only above a certain duration. To change this minimum, you can modify `minimumComponentRenderDuration` in your config.
```

```javascript
  ENV['@sentry/ember'] = {
    minimumComponentRenderDuration: 0, // Setting this to zero will capture all classic components.
  };
```

To disable component instrumentation you can set `disableInstrumentComponents` in your config.
```javascript
ENV['@sentry/ember'] = {
  disableInstrumentComponents: true
};
```

> ### Runloop

Reviewer: How key is this for Getting Started? Should it move to the Configuration>Basic Options page?

This snippet includes automatic instrumentation to [monitor the performance](/./advanced-configuration/) of your application, which registers and configures the Tracing integration, including custom Ember instrumentation.

```javascript
import Application from '@ember/application';
import Resolver from 'ember-resolver';
import loadInitializers from 'ember-load-initializers';
import config from './config/environment';

import { InitSentryForEmber } from '@sentry/ember';

InitSentryForEmber();

export default class App extends Application {
  modulePrefix = config.modulePrefix;
  podModulePrefix = config.podModulePrefix;
  Resolver = Resolver;
}
```

Then add the following config to your `config/environment.js`:

<Note>
<markdown>

To reduce the volume of performance data captured, or disable it entirely, change `tracesSampleRate` to a value between 0 and 1 in production.

</markdown>
</Note>

```javascript
ENV['@sentry/ember'] = {
  sentry: {
    dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',

>     tracesSampleRate: 1.0, // We recommend adjusting this in production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
    // Set tracesSampleRate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    // of transactions for performance monitoring.
    // We recommend adjusting this value in production,

  }
};
```

> Once this is done, all transactions and unhandled exceptions are automatically captured by Sentry.

Reviewer: delete

> This snippet includes automatic instrumentation to [monitor the performance](./configuration/ember-options/) of your application, which registers and configures the Tracing integration, including custom Ember instrumentation.

Reviewer: Because this links to the PM considerations for Ember, I'd modify this slightly to
```suggestion
This snippet includes automatic instrumentation to monitor the performance of your application, which registers and configures the Tracing integration, including custom [Ember instrumentation](./configuration/ember-options/).
```

```javascript
import Application from '@ember/application';
import Resolver from 'ember-resolver';
import loadInitializers from 'ember-load-initializers';
import config from './config/environment';

import { InitSentryForEmber } from '@sentry/ember';

InitSentryForEmber();

export default class App extends Application {
  modulePrefix = config.modulePrefix;
  podModulePrefix = config.podModulePrefix;
  Resolver = Resolver;
}
```

Then add the following config to your `config/environment.js`:

<Note>
<markdown>

To reduce the volume of performance data captured, or disable it entirely, change `tracesSampleRate` to a value between 0 and 1 in production.

</markdown>

> </Note>

Reviewer: delete

```javascript
ENV['@sentry/ember'] = {
  sentry: {
    dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',

    // Set tracesSampleRate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    // of transactions for performance monitoring.
    // We recommend adjusting this value in production,
    tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
  }
};
```

<Note><markdown>

> This SDK uses Ember configuration conventions to manage its automatic instrumentation and other Sentry options, this additional configuration can be found under
> <PlatformLink to="/configuration/ember-options/">Ember options</PlatformLink>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SDK uses Ember configuration conventions to manage its automatic instrumentation and other Sentry options, this additional configuration can be found under <PlatformLink to="/configuration/ember-options/">Ember options</PlatformLink>.
```

> This SDK uses Ember configuration conventions to manage its automatic instrumentation and other Sentry options, this additional configuration can be found under
> <PlatformLink to="/configuration/ember-options/">Ember options</PlatformLink>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SDK uses Ember configuration conventions to manage its automatic instrumentation and other Sentry options, this additional configuration can be found under <PlatformLink to="/configuration/ember-options/">Ember options</PlatformLink>.
```
